So again, we have easy PLO and advanced PLO, easy PLO is similar to Eto'o in the way that there are
two steps that lead to solving two different things.
Also, PLO is essentially the second last layer beginner's method variety.
We will solve all the queries first, giving us highlights like these.
Then proceed to solve the cube.
So these, again, are headlights, even though it might not look like it, just because we have a soft
edge, these Stihler headlights, because we have two corners that are both matching and on the same
side.
So to start off is solving the yellow side.
We look around for a pair of headlights, put it in the back and do the same thing as earlier.
So our algorithm is our prime F, our prime D to our F prime, our prime to R2.
So if you don't have a pair of headlights again, do this from any side until you get headlights.
Then proceed to solve the corners.
So you can see now we have all headlights solved.
All corners are completely solved on the cube.
All we have to do is switch these ideas around.
So after doing the corners, there are four possible edge cases.
And since we want to solve all these cases in one algorithm, that means we have to learn four algorithms.
You already know one of these.
So really there are only three algorithms to learn right now.
So if we have a bar in the back, if we will, if we have a bar at all, put it in the back, and now
instead of just doing an algorithm, look at the unsolved charges.
So if we call that orange and red, it opposite's and blue and green opposite's.
So with a solved bar, there will be one pair of headlights with an opposite eyes in the middle such
as this one.
So you can see that one of our highlights is here, and it's opposite as is in the middle.
So green is opposite blue.
And this is our side with opposite headlights.
Over here, blue is not opposite orange.
Orange is not opposite green.
So this is our side with opposite headlights.
So we want to determine which side this pair of opposite headlights is on, if it's on the right side
than we do the same algorithm we learned first.
Are you blind?
Are you are you are you prime our prime, you prime are two.
And that's our first subcu.
However, keeping our bar in the back.
If our opposite headlights are on the left side instead of the right side.
So our green blue is on this side right now, then keeping the bar on the back, we're going to do the
same algorithm, but backwards.
So we do our two U.
Are you are prime, you prime our prime, you prime our prime.
You are prime.
So here are two cases that happen if there's no bar.
So we have no bar anywhere, we have no soft edges, and there are two different cases.
There's one with opposite headlights and one with a headlights.
So here we have opposite headlights all around the tube, blues with green, red as with orange and
say over here, same over here.
So these all need to be flipped with across position.
So this needs to go here.
These two need to be flat to this.
You need to be flipped.
And this is one of the nicest algorithms.
So in this case, you can hold the queue on literally any side.
And our algorithm is.
And to you and to you, too.
And to you and to.
So, again, I'll do it from a different side this time.
That algorithm is really nice and easy to memorize because it's just a alternating and two and two moves
with a you youtu and you in the middle.
So and to you.
And to you, too.
And to you and to.
So here's the other case again, we have no bar anywhere.
But the difference is that these two these two had lights and edges are not opposite.
They are adjacent colors.
So none of these edges are opposite the his arm.
Instead, these two need to be flipped.
And these two need to be flipped.
So instead of flipping these two and these two, we flip these two and these two.
So we actually have a way to hold this, because if we don't do it this way, then the cube will get
messed up.
So the way we want to hold it is first look at a side.
And then once you're looking at this side, look to the left of it.
If you can see all four colors on the cube, so orange, blue, green and red, then you're holding
it in the right way.
So over here, I can see blue, red, orange and green.
However, if I go to this side, which is red and blue, if I look to the left now, then the only colors
I see are blue and red, which is not ideal.
So do not hold the cube on this side.
If you cannot see all colors on the cube when you look left.
So on this side, I look left.
I can see all colors.
And then if I go to the green or side, if I look left, I can see all colors, red and blue, green
and orange.
But on this side, I can only see green and orange.
So I'm going to do the algorithm from this side.
So, again, we can select our algorithm is am to you and to you and prime, which is going upwards,
not downwards.
You too am to you too, am prime.
And then we just finished the cube with YouTube and that solves it.
So that's everything for basic oil and PLO combined with the cross and up to.
This will produce a solid cube for any scrambled Rubik's cube.
So any of the 43 quintillion possible scrambles.
So what if, you know, all of these algorithms that I just taught you and you'll be able to do this
and you'll already be getting faster times, even with easy oil and oil?
Once you start practicing it a lot, once you get everything down and are able to do it without looking
stuff up or without sitting there and pausing for a long time, then you can instantly recognize something
and solve it really quickly.
And then you should be able to easily get sub one minute once you're ready.
We can also learn oil advanced and pilo advanced.
These will also help your times.
But again, there are a lot of algorithms.